hi there welcome again to check out the
second volume of the cinema 4d sculpting
series a little bit about myself my name
is peridot and I'm an official cinema 4d
local avengers and generals and I did an
official support of cinema 4d for
chickens Republic's for more than 12
years you can know my work from the
official max webpage brochures and other
maximum PR stuff as well cinema 4d
sculpting tools that is an amazing
feature of cinema 4d
however it's not only for painting
details it's the best feature for
everybody who needs make his own organ
models with correct topology suitable
for animals animations and so on the
scouting is a magic feature that can
eliminate one of two major modeling
tasks the standard male approach needs
correct and well-placed topology for a
nice model the sculpting context makes
work much easier because you can be
creative first designer character and
then solve the topology according to the
shape of the heart afterwards the first
Maxim cinema free sculpting wasn't
changed the way you will modeling the
hero of both volumes is a real dinosaur
is named pockets of phosphorus
the first volume covers the main types
of dyeing about bodybuilding
so it starts with blueprint settings and
then it shows how to build all main
parts of the journey body with the
sculpting tool set it shows how to model
men by the head arms likes and so on but
all these parts are not built as a final
shape they are used as a proxy for the
next second main task of the first
volume read topology the first volume
and with the UV mesh oolitic cinema 4d
office and UNIX system and layout for
the job bereavement CD and it's UV
layout Maxim cinema 4d listing was
strong improved and the sculpting tool
set has been ancient a lot it has got
new tools new painting modes improved
mask tools that new production tools
that and much more the oils 15 came with
many small but very powerful features
the first part of the second volume
shows all of these improvements we can
use the sculpting tools as a standard
polygon mesh is the first very important
improvement because we can use the
sculpting tool set for choose symmetry
drawn month were extended as well we
have got new parfum molds here this
volume shows new math commands and musk
painting and chants meant new in-flight
tool settings like flute and material
and much more at the end of the last one
we will use all these features and pose
a very realistic and very detailed
handlebar grip out here with
breathtaking details in several minutes
the scouting Tulsa has been improved by
another important tool and amplify it
multiplies sculpted surfaces it's the
key improvement of us 15 and it's
opposed ever savages and crevices
feature as well and still not enough
cinema 4d Kenneth a new scope symmetry
tool we can mirror masks sculpt the
surface etc the last that feature is the
project mesh command that L has to
project an editable mesh onto another
surface you will not want to be without
Jesus and gentlement anymore cinema
photo 16 improvements are the first main
topic of the volume the texture baking
process is the second the Scout that are
baking of course however we need a
suitable UV mesh we have made it already
but we will see how to use the scouting
2000 amazing UV editor and I thought
that supports full symmetrical editing
it's another very powerful cinema 4d
sculpting hidden feature nevertheless it
needs a free plugin of course touching a
sculpted object can be a hard task
because an entire UV mesh subdivision
can make it a bit non incipit ated this
for me explains everything about an
entire UV mesh subdivision of a sculpted
object
and it shows all subsequently it should
have pacheco depth is the next desk it
will teach you how important physical
that can be and it demonstrates the real
quality impact of a wrong that choice
bexco
object command can be three different
maps displacement map normal map and
ambient occlusion map the volume
explains all normal maps modes what
object and tongue and especially the
tangent mode is very important because
it's a the most important normal map
mode ever displacement maps are the
second maintenance of the baking the
following describes all six texture
modes the cinema 4d offers because these
modes are very different one another
it explains intensity modes red green
mode and all RGB modes as well
according to target normal map the
tongue and RGB mode is the best mode for
almost every object you can imagine at
the volume shows why the ambient
occlusion affects the last FA we can
bake by the bakes cult object command
however it does not offer any occlusion
settings and parameters I will teach you
how to affect works all its features and
settings and how to bake it manually for
the look you exactly need however my aku
Java is not suitable to be used as a
details map it generates unwanted
contact shadows and we need to avoid
them so we must use a different approach
this one will teach you how to generate
your own cavity map that's much more
suitable for the task cavity map baking
is a common and a very important
procedure that can improve almost every
model even not a sculpted object a
painting isn't a key topic of the volume
however this process usually follows the
sculpting and texture baking it's
necessary to show how to paint a
scattered object very plain CD
can do it alone we can help using
another application like Adobe Photoshop
the volume will teach you how to
effectively use painting tools pressure
on painting how to simulate symmetrical
painting breezy mode and how to export a
pro action painting clay into Adobe
Photoshop Adobe Photoshop is used for
advanced sampling to advanced
deformation modes are used here so
generate and longer and complete this
amazing series thank you for watching
and see you at www.ge.com